Contributing docs (#5)
neighbourhoodie/openpgpjs: MAINTAINERS.md

- **If a PR is ready for review**, use your triage meeting to find someone to review it within a reasonable amount of time. If you cannot manage a review soon, explain that to the contributor so they’re not left hanging and know what to expect.

## Release process

> We keep it simple. We use npm's `version` command as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We keep it simple. We use npm’s `version` command as following:
```
Extreme typography nitpick, sorry 🙈
